opening
This time, the organizers paid a lot of money.
These rough stones are top grade at a glance
The possibility of discharge is definitely high.
These rough stones add up to hundreds of millions at least.
Distinguished guests
This conference
We have specially prepared more than the previous nine
All good rough stones.
And we're going to start live.
Here are our guests to choose from
Purchase price Wang Lao
Which of these rough stones do you think is better?
They all look good.
I estimate that at least 2/3 can be released.
Then please ask Mr. Wang to pick the best one.
Oh good
Which one should we buy?
Don't worry, I'll observe first
Well, although the body has become smaller
But the mind is still flexible
Look at me
Dad, what's wrong?
Xiaojuan, I want that piece